Figure and readme updates (#57)
greenelab/core-accessory-interactome: 1_processing/README.md

# Processing
The Raw data was quantified in Salmon using both PAO1 and PA14 references.
For more information on the raw data is see this [Doing et al.](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.01.24.477642v1) with source code [here](https://github.com/hoganlab-dartmouth/pa-seq-compendia).

> The dataset containing all strains aligned against the PAO1 reference and PA14 reference is [here](https://osf.io/vz42h/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The datasets containing all strains aligned against the PAO1 reference and PA14 reference is [here](https://osf.io/vz42h/).
```

I thought maybe this should be plural because its two matrices? but definitely your choice if you want to ignore this

> To determine which strains are PAO1 versus PA14 we will use the median expression of accessory genes to determine if a strain is PAO1 or PA14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine which samples were more PAO1- versus PA14-like, we will use the median expression of accessory genes.
```

In our exploratory analysis we found that strains labeled as PAO1 based on SRA annotations had high PAO1 accessory gene expression.

> Whereas strains labeled as PA14 by SRA had high PA14 accessory gene expression.

Reviewer: this too, but up to you.

See plot below where the median expression of PAO1 genes (PAO1 accessory genes) on the x-axis and the median expression of PA14-only genes (PA14 accessory genes) on the y-axis.
Each point is a strain/sample.
![all_samples](https://github.com/greenelab/core-accessory-interactome/blob/master/0_explore_data/Expression_accessory_genes_all_samples.svg)

A strain is considered PAO1 if the median gene expression of PA14 accessory genes is 0 and PAO1 accessory genes in > 5.
Similarlty, a strain is considered PA14 if the median gene expression of PA14 accessory genes is > 5 and PAO1 accessory genes in 0.

> A threshold of 25 MR normalized estimated counts is used based on our analysis in [1_decide_threshold.ipynb](1_decide_threshold.ipynb). The goal of this notebook was to  define a threshold to determine if a strain if PAO1 or not (likewise, if a strain is PA14 or not). We used known labels from SRA to do this. Specifically, we examined the distribution of PAO1 strain vs non-PAO1 strain (see histogram plots). We define the threshold to be one that separated between the two distributions. We use this threshold in [2_create_compendia.ipynb](2_create_compendia.ipynb) to partition gene expression data into PAO1 and PA14 compendia.because we found that using a threshold of 0 MR normalized estimated counts included some other SRA-labeled strains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A threshold of 25 MR normalized estimated counts is used based on our analysis in [1_decide_threshold.ipynb](1_decide_threshold.ipynb). The goal of this notebook was to  define a threshold to determine if a strain if PAO1 or not (likewise, if a strain is PA14 or not). We used known labels from SRA to do this. Specifically, we examined the distribution of PAO1 strain vs non-PAO1 strain (see histogram plots). We define the threshold to be one that separated between the two distributions. We use this threshold in [2_create_compendia.ipynb](2_create_compendia.ipynb) to partition gene expression data into PAO1 and PA14 compendia because we found that using a threshold of 0 MR normalized estimated counts included some other SRA-labeled strains.
```

> Using a threshold of 0 MR normalized estimated counts, within the PAO1 binned compendium there are strains that SRA labeled as PAK or Clinical).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a threshold of 0 MR normalized estimated counts, within the PAO1 binned compendium there are strains that SRA labeled as PAK or Clinical.
```
